hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the sony
MDR 108 AP so I've had these headphones
for a couple of months here's my review
for the past year or so the Audio
Technica m50 X's have been my go-to over
your headphones for listening to music
and I like them a lot but they are
perfect and I always wanted to find
something that suited me a little better
and I finally stumbled upon these the
packaging isn't super premium or
anything but it's pretty nice and inside
you get the headphones setting in a
plastic tray the 3.5 millimeter cable a
storage bag some information pamphlets
and it retails for around $200 u.s. it's
a very clean and simple looking design
and I guess it really depends on what
you're looking for I wouldn't say I
liked the design more than the m50 X's I
like them both but the MDR 100's have a
more modern look most of the lines are
subtle there's a lot of smooth surfaces
even the cable is a flat ribbon so if
you're bored of the way the m50x is look
you might like the Sony's now D brand
just launched these skins for the m50
X's and you can customize them really
nicely so if you're tired of their look
but you love the sound you can refresh
them with these skins the MDR 100's come
in a bunch of colors like pink orange
black and this bright yellow but you
guys probably know by now I'm all about
the teal the full headphone is color
matched even the storage bag which is
made of this technical fabric with micro
fiber inside I definitely prefer this
storage bag over the fake leather bag of
the m50 X's and the last thing i want to
mention about the design is the way it
folds up so instead of ear cups that
fold up at the yoke like the m50 X's or
a lot of other Sony headphones this has
a collapsible headband that's similar to
Beats now I've noticed that I'm poorly
made headphones if they fold up the
headband like this they're more prone to
busting but the Sony's feel really solid
the cups are made of aluminum and I've
thrown them into my bag every day with
it the case and they haven't had any
scratches or anything the rest of the
exterior material is plastic so the
yokes are plastic the side band is
plastic the top band is plastic there's
a lot of plastic but it's high-quality
and the materials feel really sturdy
the leather parts or like the fake
leather parts feel pretty good
it still feels fake but when you compare
to the fake leather on the audio
Technica's the Sony's are noticeably
better and it also extends at the
headband here so inside you get some
metal bands that run the full length I
prefer it when the extension is done
further down the band like on the m50 s
they just kind of drop the cuffs lower
into like a more usable position but
that's just a personal preference thing
and they still adjust to my head very
well the ear cups can only rotate a bit
like maybe 40 or 50 degrees the m50 X's
can do a full 180 degrees overall the
build quality is very good it doesn't
feel particularly premium but it feels
sturdy as long as you don't go ham on
them I will say that the m50 X's have a
slightly more durable feel to them
mostly because of their weight the MDR
100's are lighter than the m50x is like
25% lighter not that the m50 X's were
heavy but the MDR 100's are noticeably
more comfortable to wear on your head
for an extended period of time the ear
cups have a really soft material and
they're pretty comfortable they are a
little smaller than the m50x cups in
terms of like the inner diameter of the
cup but they still cover my ears nicely
if you have really large ears it might
be a problem but I think it'll fit most
people properly now in the summer when
I'm wearing sunglasses I find that the
m50x is kind of pressed against the
frame of the sunglasses and it's kind of
uncomfortable just like right against
the temple I don't get that problem with
this mostly because the tension on the
headband is a little bit more relaxed
and that your cups are smaller so it's
like not as squished against your face
but the flip side to that is noise
isolation the m50x is because they have
a tighter seal and because the ear pads
are a little bit thicker it's better at
isolating noise so if you have like a
noisy commute I would totally recommend
be still because they block out sound
better but if you don't the sony MDR
100's are more comfortable pair to wear
the Sony's only come with one cable a
1.2 meter tangle free ribbon cable it
has a mic and it also has a single
button there's no volume control but you
can start stop music and you can take
phone calls the mic quality is actually
pretty good the ribbon cable connects on
to the left side it's a simple insertion
there's no twist lock like the m50 s but
they don't fall out or anything all
right the most important thing is how
these things sound and I think they
sound really nice
they have a similar sensitivity so they
sound pretty identical in volume the
base on the MDR 100 is very present but
it's tighter and it doesn't ever feel
exaggerated I always found that the base
on the m50x is to be a little heavy and
a little loose the mids are also very
good definitely better than the m50 X's
and this is the main reason why I prefer
these headphones there's no spillover
from the base so the mid some clear
especially for vocals it's still a
little misty compared to more expensive
headphones but I like the sound a lot
and the upper frequencies are also
nicely done lots of detail nothing too
aggressive and the other thing is that
when I edit audio for youtube videos if
I'm using the m50 X's because the base
is so pronounced my voice sounds a lot
cooler than it actually does I prefer
using the MDR 100 s because of how
natural and balanced that sound is but
overall I really like the Sony's I would
consider them a good buy at like 150 or
160 dollars they retail for 200 they go
on sale once in a while if you get them
for 150 I think they're a great option
they have a good fit good design good
build quality and I like the sound for
what I use them for that's the end this
review I hope you guys liked it thumbs
if you did subs if you loved it it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time